updated home readme (#118)
atlassian/changesets: README.md

# 🦋 changesets 🦋

> > A way to manage your versioning and changelogs with a focus on multi-package-repositories

Reviewer: I feel like repositories shouldn't be in the hyphenation, [the Bolt docs don't hyphenate it](https://github.com/boltpkg/bolt#what-are-workspaces).
```suggestion
> A way to manage your versioning and changelogs with a focus on multi-package repositories
```

> The `changesets` workflow is designed to help you from adding changes all the way through to publishing. It lets contributors inform you about their changes with their pull requests, then we automate updating package versions, and publishing new versions of packages based on provided information.

Reviewer: `adding changes` feels ambiguous, is it helping me add changes or it is helping me _when_ I'm adding changes and if so, what is it helping me do when adding changes?(document the changes maybe?)

Unrelated suggested change to the above thing:
```suggestion
The `changesets` workflow is designed to help you from adding changes all the way through to publishing. It lets contributors inform you about their changes with their pull requests, then we automate updating package versions and changelogs, and publishing new versions of packages based on the provided information.
```

> The `changesets` workflow is designed to help you from when people are making changes, all the way through to publishing. It lets contributors inform you about their changes with their pull requests, then we automate updating package versions, and changelogs, and publishing new versions of packages based on the provided information.

Reviewer: `to help you from when people are making changes` This feels oddly worded, is it really helping _me_ when _people_(implying that it's others) are making changes? (I suppose it depends on who I am, is this only intended for maintainers or also contributors? Ideally, I think the introduction of changesets should be generally applicable)

Maybe we can remove the word `you` here? In the second usage of the word you, I think it's more okay because the word contributors makes it more clear that you is a maintainer though maybe we could also reword that to something like "It lets contributors declare how their changes should be released"?

```suggestion
The `changesets` workflow is designed to help from when people are making changes, all the way through to publishing. It lets contributors declare how their changes should be released, then we automate updating package versions, and changelogs, and publishing new versions of packages based on the provided information.
```

> Changesets has a focus on solving these problems for multi-package-repositories, and keeps packages that rely on each other within the multi-package repository up-to-date, as well as making it easy to make changes to groups of packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changesets has a focus on solving these problems for multi-package repositories, and keeps packages that rely on each other within the multi-package repository up-to-date, as well as making it easy to make changes to groups of packages.
```
